c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\VoxelGenerator.exe
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\VoxelGenerator.pdb
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\obj\x86\Debug\VoxelGenerator.exe
c:\users\trevo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\obj\x86\Debug\VoxelGenerator.pdb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fx\world.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fx\sky.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Content\font\dbfont.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Content\font\menufont.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Content\tex\block.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Content\tex\sun.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sky\night.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fx\billboard.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Content\tex\moon.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fx\debug.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fx\postfx.xnb
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\obj\x86\Debug\Network\ServerControl.g.cs
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\obj\x86\Debug\VoxelGenerator_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\obj\x86\Debug\VoxelGenerator_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\obj\x86\Debug\VoxelGenerator_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\obj\x86\Debug\Network\ServerControl.baml
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\obj\x86\Debug\VoxelGenerator.g.resources
C:\Users\trevo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\VoxelGenerator\obj\x86\Debug\VoxelGenerator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
